Document:system requirement specification 

system requirement specification for online project management

purpose :
the main purpose of the online project management is to help the company to smoothly manage their work.

scope :
the scope of the online project management is to create a good application,
which has many features through which a compamy manager find easy to manage their employee.

team:

direct customer,indirect customer,architect,business analyst,system analyst,testing team

Functional Requirement:

the first functional requirement of this online project management system is providing login page that if a user want to enter the application they have to login
also there will we help to maintain the customer their work.

in our online project management we help to customer work smoothly we provide many resources like we give flexibility to our customer 
that when the one employee want to work they can work their is orderwise work like in waterfall model we are going to create like agile methodlogies.

in our online project management we are providing many functionalities like we are help our customer
 by giving the functionalities of time and complete work track.

in our online project management we are going to provide the customer resource management tools.

we are going to provide the notifications if there work of timimg is nearer and they have not finished.

in our online project management we are going to add a feature in which we are going collaborate with big tech 
companies which help our customer company to train  in which we add subscription method.

for subscription method we are going to add payment method

in our online project management we are going to help our customer by providing mant tools which help the customer to manager their work
like we going to add jeera in our project management which help our customer not to go specially login jeera.

our online project management help the customer to manager and update the work of employee,
project manager,delivery managers,stackeholders,to update about executions of project going in the organisation.
 



